in the lands of middle-earth legend
tells of the Dark Lord Sauron and the
rain that would give him the power to
enslave the world last for centuries it
has been sought by many and has now
found its way into the hands of the most
unlikely person imaginable Sauron needs
only this ring to cover all the lands
darkness
what must I do rain must be destroyed
the rims cast back into the fires of
Mount Doom there is evil there that does
not sleep so Dawn's forces are already
moving they will find the ring and kill
the one who carries it I can't do this
alone
you have my soul and you have my bow and
my ox this task was appointed to you
and if you do not find a way no one the
enemy has many spies goods beasts
something draws in here I can feel it
Frodo the ring is trying to get back to
its master
it wants to be far let us hope that our
presence may go unnoticed they are
coming
push the ring had never come to me none
of this had happened
you will find your correct
if you want him come and claim him